Add ADR for timestamp storage update (#2606)
18F/piipan: docs/adr/0026-use-timestamptz.md

# Use Timestamptz (with time zone) for PostgreSQL DateTime storage

## Status

> Accepted/Implemented
> 
> ## References
> 
> [20. Storing and Converting Time](./0020-storing-and-converting-time.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accepted/Implemented

Supercedes [20. Storing and Converting Time](0020-storing-and-converting-time.md)
```

*Nitpick:* Adding this to be consistent with [other instances](https://github.com/18F/piipan/blob/dev/docs/adr/0021-use-recent-bash-version-for-scripting.md) where one ADR supercedes another. This is also the format used by `adr-tools` which is referenced (though not required) in [1. Record architecture decisions](https://github.com/18F/piipan/blob/dev/docs/adr/0001-record-architecture-decisions.md).

## Context

> NpgSql is the tool used to convert datetimes to and from the PostgreSQL databases throughout the system. Their Version 6 release contained [major changes to timestamp mapping](https://www.npgsql.org/doc/release-notes/6.0.html#major-changes-to-timestamp-mapping), as well as recommendations for using [PostgreSQL's](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/11/datatype-datetime.html) `timestamptz` (with time zone) data type over `timestamp` for datetimes in order to work more effectively with this mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Npgsql is our chosen ADO.NET data provider and used to handle datetimes coming to and from the PostgreSQL databases throughout the system. The Version 6.0 release contained [major changes to timestamp mapping](https://www.npgsql.org/doc/release-notes/6.0.html#major-changes-to-timestamp-mapping), as well as recommendations for using [PostgreSQL's](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/11/datatype-datetime.html) `timestamptz` (with time zone) data type over `timestamp` for datetimes in order to work more effectively with this mapping.
```
